Documented automated global_operations (#1310)
contao/docs: docs/dev/reference/dca/list.md

| route           | Symfony Route Name (`string`)     | {{< version-tag "4.7" >}} The button will redirect to the given Symfony route.                                                               |

{{% notice "note" %}}

> Since Contao **5.0** you do not have to define any settings for standard operations anymore. Instead, you can give a list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< version-tag "5.3" >}} You do not have to define any settings for standard operations anymore. Instead, you can give a list
```

Author: That propsal is wrong, that's an upstream conflict. Resolved.
